# Atenea
Atenea is a Dot Net 7 Library, 
contains security algorithms such as: 
* RSA:  The name RSA comes from the initials of its three creators, Rivest, Shamir and Adleman, back in 1997. It is an asymmetric encryption algorithm, or public key, and is one of the most widely used today. In fact, most websites today integrate SSL/TLS security, and allow RSA authentication. RSA, being an asymmetric cipher, works with two keys, one public and one private. All plaintext content, or unencrypted content, that has been encrypted with the public key, can be decrypted using the private key, and vice versa, all content encrypted with the private key can be decrypted using the public key.

* AES:  The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is a symmetric block cipher chosen by the U.S. government to protect classified information. AES is implemented in software and hardware throughout the world to encrypt sensitive data. It is essential for government computer security, cybersecurity and electronic data protection. AES was created for the U.S. government with additional voluntary, free use in public or private, commercial or noncommercial programs that provide encryption services. However, nongovernmental organizations choosing to use AES are subject to limitations created by U.S. export control.
* MD5: The MD5 message-digest algorithm is a widely used hash function producing a 128-bit hash value. MD5 was designed by Ronald Rivest in 1991 to replace an earlier hash function MD4, and was specified in 1992 as RFC 1321. MD5 can be used as a checksum to verify data integrity against unintentional corruption. Historically it was widely used as a cryptographic hash function; however it has been found to suffer from extensive vulnerabilities.
